Hi everyone. Uh when you want to solve
the Epic game launcher setup,
this message appears the Epic Games
launcher setup with add permanently. How
to fix this problem and install it
correctly.
Okay, first thing first, we have to go
here to the Google
uh go to the Epic Game Marketplace or
Epic Game website. Click download. Once
it's downloaded,
it's got right here. When I press here
to install this program, install
this message appears the games not
installed correctly. How to fix this
problem? Okay, first thing first, go
here to task bar, task manager.
Go here. We have this one. Run new task.
Press this.
Create this one. And go right here.
Go to the browse.
Download
my uh EP game launcher setup is not
appeared. How to fix that? We have to go
here new file all files. Sorry. Select
this. Open
and press okay. The installing is begin.
Install.
Fine.
Verifying update.
The the installing is finished.
Now it should run properly. Correct.
Okay. This became launcher. We can add
your Google account and go.